you're watching continued coverage of
the conflict between Israel and Gaza and
at the moment we're listening into a
press conference by the spokesperson of
the Israel Defense Forces his putting
forward
his his evidence that Israel was not
behind an explosion at a hospital in
Gaza City let's go back and listen
that's that's the logic and about the
next stages of the war I will not talk
about here of the next stages of the war
see Jeremy
B thank you very much General uh do you
think that the governments of do you
think that the governments uh that
condemned Israel last night will believe
your explanation I'm referring to Jordan
Egypt Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates think all all of the countries
that you mentioned uh are watching the
BBC carefully and and uh looking
carefully what the BBC said and I hope
after our uh uh in our our aftermath
that shows it was cross checked and we
took the time because we didn't want to
be non-reliable and we didn't want us to
infect with our credibility I hope the
BBC will now share this investigation
and those countries will listen to the
BBC and we will also share United States
a more uh intimate and also United
Kingdom a more intimate review so the BB
BBC can show it and those countries
those Arab countries that you mentioned
which is very important for Israel of
course from the Abra Accords and other
countries who also would be threatened
by Hamas Isis ideology should understand
our war what Kamas Isis did on the
massacre on Saturday is not nothing to
do with
Islam people killed babies people killed
families women were raped women were
raped
people were beheaded this is against
Islam this is against Islam any Arab
country will show me a fatwa that goes
with Islam this is against Islam Hamas
is Isis it's not it's not a it's not a
one Terror activity it's a scale
Massacre of the governs of the Gaza City
of Gaza which is Hamas Hamas made a
scale Massacre which is a govern it's
the Sovereign it's a sovereign Massacre
this is why Hamas Isis we must fight
it I just follow up on that um I mean
you you you're essentially saying that
the these Arab governments watch the BBC
and made up their minds uh they came out
with their statements long before I
filed so I mean I'm I'm impressed you
think we have so much plout in the world
but to be honest they have their own
sources of information which is why they
moved those statements came from the
highest level foreign minister and the
public I guess in in the first time
because people feel empathy uh with
hearing that someone bombed in hospital
or when they see people are dying so
they go out and do uh statements and
it's okay and I'm not blaming of course
they being emotional I say I think and
it and it sounds reasonable but now
after evidence being shown and I think
it it serves Hamas Hamas is a is a
terror like Isis it's media and sword
he wants to go to the media he wants to
be viral that creates a viral imagery so
after the conversation you heard when
they say it's Islamic Jihad he said okay
now we're going to take the benefit out
of it and we're going to show the world
and and they know it's going to be viral
so I'm not blaming anybody to showing it
I'm just trying to now fix it because we
were blamed before that that when we're
to speed and and to that we we're asking
are you credible we're taking the time
to be credible sometime the
speed defects
it Kesley New York
Times thanks Admiral um I have some
technical questions in your footage That
You released last night uh some of that
footage was uh uh filmed by alzer our
team assessed that uh footage and uh at
least one of the Munitions appears to be
traveling a different direction the one
that you assess in your map it's it's
traveling uh northwesterly not
northeasterly as your map
suggests uh second of all did you fire
did the IDF fire any Iron Dome
interceptors or artillery Munitions at
6:59 p.m. um uh from Israel into Gaza uh
thirdly can you share the intercepted
audio of the Hamas members that you um
just played I think that would be
important for our assessment um
questions I know but we haven't got much
time uh Hospital officials said that
smaller strikes targeted the hospital on
Saturday and that they were warned by
phone by Israeli officials to vacate the
hospital do you have any uh response to
that um and finally is there any
evidence of secondary
explosions okay
let's start with the first thing Iron
Dome we do not intercept inside Gaza
okay Iron Dome we do not intercept
inside Gaza this is not an iron D issue
Iron Dome is used for preventing the
Rockets to being hit in Israel that's
the first question second question those
uh uh independent videos which we showed
of the failure that you mentioned are
not only the force element of the check
it's not we didn't base our effects on
those independent videos it's extra uh
so I hear what the New York Times says
and it's extra uh and the uh the reports
that you mentioned about telling the the
hospital to be evacuate earlier days
before I will check it I do not know the
answer I want to give you an answer
which is uncorrect and you asked about
the secondary uh explosion in the in the
parking lot what again what we see here
in the picture and this is which this is
the the most important thing aerial
munition doesn't look like that aerial
munition of Israel would have caused
intact to the
walls it would have caused the
crater okay and it makes completely
logic as much as we know that most of
this damage was done due to the
propellent existence not just the
Warhead because of the short range
because the launches
failed so fire after land yeah because
those those Rockets should have been
gone far away to Israel so you have a
large existence of propellant Sky News
deorah
H thank you very much um question please
uh you said that you believe that the um
the number of casualties has been
inflated can you give an assessment of
what you believe um that number of dead
and wounded to be um and secondly
regardless how um how credible the
evidence is that you show that this uh
explosion was not caused by an Israeli
munition your enemies are going to still
blame Israel and it's the fact that many
Palestinian civilians have been killed
since this um military operation began
are you losing the information war and
given how important that is is there a a
potential to maybe change Tac this is
you said this is going to to be
officials said it's going to be a long
War are you not losing it by using so
much military power on Gaza while the
rans there
okay we'll try to answer the second
question before that because I think
it's it's important the information war
is a hard War it's a hard enemy to
win because this enemy has built his
logic very very wisely using the
population as a human shield Hamas
pictured himself in the world as a
charity organization donating money for
the poor for the poor gazen of Hamas
while we see all the money that came to
Hamas most of it goes to tunnels goes to
this scale massacred operation all the
donations from many countries in the
world including Europe secondly we've SE
we've seen and also unra had verified it
that Hamas is
stealing gasoline food and also we found
in Israel during the massacre the kits
of the uh medical kits were unra kits
used by the the terrorists we are
fighting something that is hard to
explain he's using the donation that you
sent he's using the unra uh possessions
that are meant to go to this the poor
Gaz and those poor Palestinians that
were hijacked by Kamas and he's using it
he took all the gazoline that could have
helped for
desination inside the Gaza for 6 days it
could have gone gas for hospitals he
took it to his own infrastructure
military infrastructure military the
terror infrastructures that needs this
gas this is who we fighting against this
is who we fighting against and we have
to win this information war with
evidence not with false
uncredible uh uh uh statements we have
to win it with evidence we have no other
way we must stay moral we must play
Accord the international law we have no
other way otherwise we won't be a
Democrat liberal Country and this is
what we're fighting it's a Democrat
liberal country
fighting any Hamas Isis controlled gazan
area with Innocent civilians
Palestinians that is using them as a
human shield that is the event that is
the event we're fighting we have to
fight we cannot live next to our borders
with Hamas Isis governs that will
threaten our civilians and do Massacre
where you rape women beheaded the bodies
kidnap babies do you understand that
while we speak babies are being held in
Gaza women young girls that went to a
music festival of being held in
Gaza dead bodies are being held Gaza old
people old people some of them were in
the Holocaust are held now in
Gaza how come you take old people how
come you take babies how do you kidnap
this kind of more than almost 200 people
have been
kidnapped how do you do this some of
them are
foreigners this is what we're fighting
and now they're going to show videos of
those hijacks they want to terrorize the
family we will not be terrorized we we
have our values we know what we're
fighting for we know what we fighting
for
we fighting for our country we fighting
to be with our values a moral country
that is a Democrat liberal Jewish
country this is who we are going to stay
here like
that Israeli hostages babies in Gaza and
yet you're still struggling with the
information War because Palestinian
civilians are being killed in Israeli
bombardment but isn't it time to is
there another way that's what I'm asking
and can you just answer that question
about your assessment on the casualties
please you say it was inflated the
casualties is inflation we understand
from intelligence and I will not we will
share it with the
government uh and I don't want to say
the numbers here and
uh This Is Not Another Round in
Gaza this is not that it's something
else we understand that the mask have
fallen down we are living next to Isis
governing Hamas State we cannot we
cannot live like that in the world it's
it's a world problem not just Israel
problem it's a world problem this can
shift away exactly like Isis it can
shift away to Arab countries and it can
shift away everywhere I I would say
cynically that that the G should ask
mamad Salah Maran Isa why why is it
happening to them and if other countries
in the world can make Kamas surrender
with no no conditions and bring all
hijacks back to Israel show us the way
you do that show us the way you do that
and we will do that we understand we
have no other way to fight that the way
we're fighting and the
times I and S has already been passed on
to the Americans and to other Western
allies were the Americans involved in
the examination deing process and did
they at any point provide you with the
satellite footage that they have of the
no we used only our systems Manel and we
will provide all this information today
uh to the Americans and not just the
Americans and did you get any any know
corroboration from any other source
outside it and the independent video we
are credible with our information with
our intelligence with our system there
are the intelligence is credible all
along the intelligence community in the
in the world with the five eyes Etc this
this would be very very credible
information that any country will rely
on and of course our footage eory the
Air Force way to review things is very
very credible in the world and it those
things will show credible to any liberal
democracy Washington Post
Shir hi so thank you for this um I have
a technical question about the
intelligence you got uh he said it there
were people speaking who said the rocket
was launched from New York d
so how far were those two locations
that's one um number two is what is the
rationale of calling the South the safe
Zone if there are still some off there
to what extent it's in North with
Central Target right now and the south
at what point you know how what is the
difference between North and South in
the campaign number two and number three
um you are absolutely right that money
has been funneled from
social uh organizations to military ones
um but is it you know is Israel's goal
to take up Hamas completely does that
mean only military leaders does that
mean people who are involved in soci
program uh how how extensive is that and
if that is everyone does that not just
mean that Hamas is there really a
difference between Hamas and Gaza in
that and we start with the last question
I think it's the most important one
there is a completely different
between the Gaz and Palestinians and
Hamas as a
sovereign it wasn't like that all Years
everybody knows that it's a completely
different thing and and most of the Gaz
and Palestinians are not Kamas as a
sovereign military and politically but
we must take the Sovereign the Govern
down that's for your first question then
you asked about in the beginning in the
about the intelligence we understand
there is a cemetery nearby the alali
mahani hospital and they probably fired
for from the cemetery as they mentioned
theel in the conversation and they also
refer to an Islamic Jihad failure which
they were are using as a propaganda
against Israel and if you can remind me
the other question you asked
um yeah the the the logic of of
considering the sou Hamas is still there
you're right that Hamas is all along
Gaza but most of US military
infrastructure governing infrastructure
are in Gaza City and his area this is
why we asking to go south to W Gaza okay
and that is uh it's not for it's until
we finish what we need to finish in uh
this area where it has governing and
Military and terrorizing from this area
of Gaza City and its peripheral to
Israel but yes we we will attack in all
Gaza by intelligence and we will Attack
by in international law and before that
will be based on intelligence and which
we will try always to minimize the
casualties of civilians as Patrick
yes uh this very serious incident just
occur in the hospital do you think it
will delay or prevent you to launch a
ground operation inside Gaza if it's
actually what you're
planning this is a very serious incident
because the civilians were casual this
is why we take it seriously this is why
we took our time to be credible again
this is why we took our time to be
credible and we didn't jump into
statements so we take it very very
seriously and I think the world should
hold up Islamic Jihad and everybody
knows who's funding Islamic Jihad
Islamic Jihad is 100% funded by Iran the
Rockets of Islamic Jihad are funded by
Iran I repeat it Iran funds Hamas but it
does 100% for Islamic Jihad Islamic
Jihad caused the casualties in the
hospital in Al maani Hospital the
casualties are by Islamic Jihad the
rocket is being funded or delivered from
Iran Iran caused this death in alali
madani hospital in the end of the day